AWS docs (#146)
game-ci/documentation: docs/github/v2/06-remote-builder.md

# Remote builder

## What is it?

> GitHub Actions run on build machines provided by GitHub. You can see info about the specifications of the build machines [here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Actions by default run on build machines provided by GitHub. You can see info about the specifications of the build machines [here]
```

(https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-github-hosted-runners/about-github-hosted-runners).

> For Unity projects the disc size is quite small. You may experience an error related to running out of disc space. You may also want to run the build on a server with more memory or CPU resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Unity projects the available disk size is quite small. You may experience an error related to running out of disk space. You may also want to run the build on a server with more memory or processing resources.
```

Source for [disk](https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/disc#:~:text=The%20usual%20spelling%20is%20disc,even%20in%20(British%20English).)

> **You can use Remote Builder to send a build from any supported git platform to any of the supported remote builder types.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**You can use remote builder to send a build from any supported git platform to any of the supported remote builder types.**
```

Either this is a keyword (in which case we can use caps) or its lower case. Looking at the title and no introduction of the term we do not intend a special keyword here right?

> ## Key Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Key features
```

> - **Run builds on a cloud provider like AWS.** _This is billed on demand and costs nothing except unless you store the builds (which is cheap) while no builds are running._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Run builds on a cloud provider like AWS.** _This is billed on demand and costs nothing unless you store the builds._
```

✔️ **AWS** is supported.

> ❌ **GCP** planned, Cloud Run needs to release support for NFS storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠ **GCP** planned, Google Cloud Run needs to release support for NFS.
```

> ❌ **Azure** planned, already supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠ **Azure** planned, the needed technologies are already supported.
```

> - **Run builds on a Kubernetes cluster.** _Usually the cluster needs to be up and running at all times at all times as starting up a cluster is slow. Using Google Cloud's Kubernetes Autopilot you can scale down to the free tier automatically while not in use._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Run builds on a Kubernetes cluster.** _Usually the cluster needs to be up and running at all times, as starting up a cluster is slow. Using Google Cloud's Kubernetes Autopilot you can scale down to the free tier automatically while not in use._
```

✔️ All Kubernetes providers that support persistent volumes are supported.

> ### When to use GitHub self-hosted runner or Remote Builder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### When to use GitHub self-hosted runner or remote builder?
```

Reviewer: Gonna stop here correcting all `remote builder` and `Remote Builder`. Please pick one and replace it throughout :)

[GitHub self-hosted runners](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/hosting-your-own-runners/about-self-hosted-runners) and Remote Builder can enable you to build larger projects.

Self-hosted runners are best used when you already have a server available, running 24/7 that you can setup as a runner. And you're happy to maintain and keep that server available and running.

> Remote Builder is better if you don't have a server setup or don't want to manage or maintain a build server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remote Builder is better if you don't have a server setup or don't want to manage or maintain your own build server.
```

## Basic Remote Builder setup with AWS

### Requirements

- You must have an AWS account setup and ready to create resources.

> - It is suggested you have a workflow setup from the [builder section](builder).

Reviewer: This doesn't link anywhere yet

Author: relative link??

Author: And in the vercel preview env

### Create base stack on AWS Cloud Formation

1. Open [this link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/game-ci/unity-builder/main/dist/cloud-formations/base-setup.yml), right-click and save as a yaml file locally (filename doesn't matter, must end with .yaml).
2. Open AWS console, navigate to the Cloud Formation service.
3. Select the option to create a new stack.
4. Locate the section where you can upload a template. Upload the file you downloaded in step 1. The default values for all other fields will work, usually I name the stack something like `game-ci-base`.
5. Create the stack and wait for the stack to finish creating. You can delete this stack at any time to cleanup the resources.

_Note:_

- _An AWS Cloud Formation stack is just a group of resources that is created and destroyed together._
- _The stack we created manages the persistent storage and aws permissions for the builds._

### AWS Credentials

Setup the following as `env` variables for the GitHub build step:

- `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`
- `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
- `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION` (should be the same AWS region as the base stack e.g `eu-west-2`)

_Note:_

> _This enables us to access AWS resources from the GitHub builder._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_This enables us to access AWS resources from Unity Builder._
```

### GitHub Access Token

> Include the following `with` variable for the GitHub build step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include the following variable in the `with` section of the builder step:
```

- `githubToken` (should be a GitHub access token with permission to get repositories)

_Note:_
_This enables us to get the repository from the AWS build machine._

### Build Step Parameters

Add the following parameters to the build step described in the [builder section](builder):

- `remoteBuildCluster` (should be `aws`)
- `awsStackName` (should be the name you gave the base stack in aws)
- `remoteBuildMemory` (the memory the build container should be given)
- `remoteBuildCpu` (the CPU units the build container should be given)

#### Allowed CPU/Memory combinations

> There are some limitations to the CPU and Memory parameters. AWS will only accept the following combinations:

Reviewer: Is there a link to these limitations somewhere?

Author: This is just below :)

- `0.25 vCPU` - 0.5 GB, 1 GB, 2 GB
- `0.5 vCPU` - 1 GB, 2 GB, 3 GB, 4 GB
- `1 vCPU` - 2 GB, 3 GB, 4 GB, 5 GB, 6 GB, 7 GB, 8 GB
- `2 vCPU` - Between 4 GB and 16 GB in 1-GB increments
- `4 vCPU` - Between 8 GB and 30 GB in 1-GB increments

Do not include the vCPU or GB suffix. For example:

```yaml
- remoteBuildMemory: 2
- remoteBuildCpu: 0.5
```

This information may go out of date if AWS update this. Please find the latest documentation at the reference link below.

_Reference:_

> [AWS Fargate Documentation, Task Definitions, Task CPU and memory](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/AWS_Fargate.html#fargate-task-defs)

Reviewer: Recommend just linking this under the word `[limitations]` above.

Author: There isn't an anchor to the *exact* bit we want to link to. So I wanted to give the full path nice and clearly. Any suggestions?

### Example build step

```yaml
- uses: game-ci/unity-builder@v2
  id: aws-fargate-unity-build
  env:
    UNITY_LICENSE: ${{ secrets.UNITY_LICENSE }}
    AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID: ${{ secrets.AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID }}
    AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY: ${{ secrets.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY }}
    AWS_DEFAULT_REGION: eu-west-2
  with:
    remoteBuildCluster: aws
    projectPath: ${{ matrix.projectPath }}
    unityVersion: ${{ matrix.unityVersion }}
    targetPlatform: ${{ matrix.targetPlatform }}
    githubToken: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

> A full workflow example can be seen in our [own CI workflow](https://github.com/game-ci/unity-builder/blob/main/.github/workflows/aws-tests.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A full workflow example can be seen in builder's [test workflow](https://github.com/game-ci/unity-builder/blob/main/.github/workflows/aws-tests.yml).
```
